[[2022-05-20]] | [[JCI]]
#meeting/jci/supply_chain  

previous meeting : [[2022-05-13 JCI supply chain review]]


## Actions from previous meeting
#### Action plan
- [x] #erick - PO from S2M : Nancy & Erick confirmed that it should be done #today 
- [x] #yanilu - 2 tracking files : To update for our #next_meeting 
- [x] #tim - will confirm we can have 2 rows to follow the shipments by air & sea #next_meeting 

## Notes

#### Direct PO to JCI :
- Eduardo si checking on their side what needs to be done

#### LOB file :
- Mark changed the formula, Jessica to confirm

#### Situation electronic eduin
- Degreasing : we will have some information on #23May
- 